# FMM Mods Repository
A collection of mods for the ElDewrito community mod manager [FMM](https://github.com/Clef-0/FMM). This repository is where the 'Downloadable Mods' tab in FMM retrieves content from. FMM uses HTTPS to retrieve [links2.txt](https://github.com/Clef-0/FMM-Mods/blob/master/meta/links2.txt) and each of the .ini files linked in it, and (if you choose to download a mod) uses SVN to retrieve the contents of an .ini's parent folder. Due to GitHub sunsetting SVN support, FMM v2.02 instead retrieves mods from icebox.mx.mt which hosts a SVN server containing a clone of this repository. This will be changed to Git's partial checkout functionality or something else in the near future.

A FMM mod is a folder containing a .fm file and a .ini file that share the same name. The .ini file's name must be unique and not used by any other mod.

The .ini file contains one section named "[FMMInfo]" and requires at least Name=, Author= and Desc= keys. Additional possible keys are Icon=, ImageThumb=, ImageFull=, Url=, RevisionDate=, LongDesc=, Warnings=, LongWarnings=, Credits=, EDVersion=, Required=. This code was written 7 years ago and I don't remember it well enough to document it from the top of my head. I will make an effort to soon.

A .fm file is a .bat file that runs as if it were in the ElDewrito directory where FMM.exe is. A console output line that begins with "FMM_OUTPUT " prints the subsequent text to the installation log (e.g. ``echo FMM_OUTPUT Importing shoulder model.``), while a console output line that begins with "FMM_ALERT " shows the subsequent text in a message box (e.g. ``echo FMM_ALERT Missing texture files.``).
